and precisely on this same subject in
this same delegation there is a school
that is practically falling to
pieces and the authorities have not yet
done nothing to avoid an accident
the federal primary school rafael
ramirez castañeda located in the town
of santa catarina in the delegation
tláhuac is on the edge of
collapse because it is in a zone of
sinking risk the director of the
school affirmed that the authorities
have attended but the reality is that
are a few days away from starting
classes and there is a significant backlog
is in demolition in the media classroom
the concierge will also demolish the
the directions but the jobs go
very very slow then I do not say that
the authorities are not making us
case if they are paying attention but they are very
slow in the building where
are the classrooms already presents a decline
in the report that they give us that is still
habitable but finally as they are
happening the earthquakes are tremors
this can cause us already a greater
Affectation neighbors of the delegation
tlahuac claim that more than 100 homes
are affected by subsidence what
what is most worrying is a primary school
where more than 1,400 students are in
danger because that primary is being
falling to pieces the school in which
there is an opinion issued by the
local infrastructure institute
educational physics of the federal district in
the one that indicates that the educational establishment
he is sitting in an area of
risk of subsidence in such a way
that the delegation itself has
scheduled its demolition so it
they are doing work of collapse in
six of his classrooms however said
jobs that started two months ago
they are being carried out in a very
slow then if the concern in the
general level on the part of the parents is
it is great in fact every time there is an earthquake
a small earthquake all parents are
here next to the entrance the classes
They start in a few weeks and the most
1400 students will not have a school
100% and with a latent risk that
by any modification of the earth
or earthquake comes down reported fernando
boats